the Israeli Army has used some of the
most destructive
missiles built to pierce deep below
ground or instantly raise entire
blocks the impact on buildings roads and
civilian lives has been
dramatic but on Hamas the result is
uncertain after months of War there's a
growing belief that Israel's weapons are
less effective against
Hamas by October 7 Hamas had a core
group of 30,000 Fighters Israel says it
has killed up to 9,000 of them
since there's no way to verify any of
those figures Hamas doesn't announce the
number of its Fighters or its death toll
leaving the matter for guest work but
there's nearly a match between Israeli
figures and US intelligence
estimates quoted by the The Wall Street
Journal us spy agencies say Israel has
so far killed 20 to 30% of Hamas
Fighters which means that 75% of the
Hamas force is still intact that's
decidedly less than the war's declared
aim the complete elimination of the
Palestinian group you could never
eliminate Hamas completely in park
because they're not only in Gaza they're
they're in many countries uh and they
they're in they're in Lebanon they're in
West Bank they're in many other places
so they're never going to be completely
eliminated even in Gaza but uh Beyond
Gaza as well um and and they should have
been talking about disabling Gaza maybe
pushing Hamas out of control politically
of the um of the Gaza Strip Israel
boasts air superiority 100s of thousands
of soldiers and huge amounts of heavy
weapons amas on the other hand they
resort to Guerilla
Warfare but their advantage is that
tunnels Western intelligence sources
talk of up to 500 km of underground
tunnels across the Gaza Strip they allow
Hamas Fighters not only to stay alive
but also to hide the captives
manufacture weapons store supplies
ammunition Logistics and plan attacks
their intricate structure seems to pose
a challenge to Israeli units specialized
in finding and destroying those tunnels
all those factors have led to the belief
that Hamas is still strong and isn't
about to be defeated Muhammad van Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer